if you and seven other elite candidates
entered a mysterious room to take an
exam that had no rules
and no question would you know how to
survive
in this video we're going over the 2009
movie the exam
and seeing if we can make better
decisions for the characters and
ultimately survive the test before we
get started i just want to say if you've
been enjoying my videos recently be sure
to hit that subscribe button so you can
see future uploads
alright so without further ado let's get
started as i mentioned before the movie
begins with eight of the final
candidates for a prestigious job they
come from all walks of life and all
appear to be from different races
backgrounds and occupations and they
slowly file into the testing room which
is a dark room with just a chair for
each person
and a desk on that desk lays a sheet of
paper which only displays their
candidate number which would be cannon
number one through eight
after all the candidates are finally
situated an armed guard enters the room
followed by someone known as the
invigilator which is basically the
proctor for the sat or the ap exam
except this is for a large company
here the invigilator gives all the
participants a simple set of
instructions
there is no law in this room but our law
there's one question before you and one
answer is required
if you try to communicate with myself or
the guard
you will be disqualified if you spoil
your paper
intentionally or accidentally you will
be disqualified
we could see that the rules to this exam
are rather simple there's no laws you
just have to not spoil the paper
you cannot leave the room and you cannot
communicate with the guard or the
invigilator
and all you have to do is answer one
single question the candidates are given
permission to start and there's a timer
of 80 minutes for them to complete the
test
however once they flip over their paper
they find the exam is completely blank
obviously all the candidates are very
confused and unsure of what to do
so most of them sort of just fiddle and
sit around waiting for the others to
make a move
so the chinese lady does the first move
and she starts writing on her paper why
she believes she deserves the position
and she's quickly noticed by the
security camera and removed from the
game
if i were in this situation i would do
what the other seven candidates did and
do
absolutely nothing until someone else
made the first move
after all there are no rules other than
the one stated so you could technically
look
at other people's tests without penalty
here the white dude realizes that it's
completely okay for all the remaining
candidates to talk amongst each other so
they start discussing what the [ __ ] they
should be doing
they conclude that although they're all
in competition for the job the best
thing they can do is work together to
figure out what the question is so then
they could actually compete and try to
find the right answer
but they don't know each other's names
yet so the white dude bases
off the best thing he could possibly
think of which would be their skin color
and their hair
color you're black i'm white brown
we've got blondes here brunette there
dark i suppose as well at least we got
death
we can see here that the white dude has
taken control of the leadership role and
he controls the situation
if i were here i would try to do the
same thing since the leader gets to make
the decisions and those decisions
usually benefit themselves
just take a look at saudi arabia the
group then hypothesizes that there might
be invisible ink on the paper that needs
to be revealed through the lights so
they start shining their paper on the
different types of lights around the
room
however this reveals nothing and the
papers are still completely blank
although this attempt technically failed
i don't have a problem with this because
you're not expending any resources or
breaking anyone's trust by doing this
however i would be careful not to
accidentally crease your paper because i
don't know if that counts as spoiling or
not
the group then catch a break when they
see those emergency lights that have yet
to be turned on
so they go around smashing all the
lights in the area hoping that it will
get the emergency lights to turn on
however they don't realize this is not
how emergency lights work they only turn
on in the event of a power failure
or an alarm going off such as a fire
alarm since this is some major [ __ ]
movie logic the emergency lights
actually do turn on
this type of light reveals most types of
invisible ink as well as [ __ ] you [ __ ]
disgusted
so it's very realistic that it could
reveal invisible ink on the people's
papers however they're unlucky and
there's no ink on the paper white then
realized the invigilator said that you
can only get disqualified for spoiling
your very own paper
meaning they could experiment on other
people's papers without repercussion
so he grabs brunette's paper and fills
it in with ink seeing if the ink would
maybe do something however it doesn't
if i were in this situation i would
definitely avoid being the person whose
paper is being experimented on
and the person experimenting because at
this point you aren't really sure if
it's against the rules yet so it doesn't
hurt to play it safe
white then separates the paper into four
parts asking the other participants to
lick and spit on parts of the paper
while he takes a piss on the other parts
his theory is that bodily fluids might
reveal the message on the paper
well the idea is good the two mistakes
he made in his execution are
he separated the paper into four parts
but what if the message is completely on
one of the four parts of the paper
in that case you wouldn't be testing
every body flute on that one part so you
might miss it
second off he forgot two other body
flutes blood and [ __ ]
if i were him i would pull up some chica
fujiwara hentai and
beat my dick so hard that both blood and
[ __ ] came out
that way i could test to make sure the
message isn't on the paper the group
realized the body fluids don't do
anything so they move on but before they
can
death starts having a mental breakdown
and everyone sort of stares at him like
what the [ __ ] should we do
brown then speaks up breaking the
silence this
is not an exam not in the conventional
sense anyway
well no [ __ ] [ __ ] this has got to be
one of the funniest parts of the movie
the film directors tried to make him
look really cool with this one-liner
however he just repeated the most
obvious thing in the room eventually
distrust starts brewing throughout the
group
as they start running out of ideas
because they realize some people were
invited to this exam
yet others applied meaning that they
know different amounts of information
with the people who applied knowing
quite a bit more so it's revealed that
in this universe the exam is taking
place there's a pandemic however it's
much more deadly than the kova 19 we're
currently experiencing
so the company they're trying to get
into is the one that invented this
expensive drug that could treat the
disease
white and brunette get into an argument
after brunette shows some extreme
interest in the drug and how long it
would take to complete
so brunette's secret is revealed she
only wants to work for the company
because all employees get a discount on
the treatment
and her husband has the disease which is
an unspecified but somewhat deadly and
contagious
disease the group then decided that they
should search the guard and see if he
has anything of noteworthy value so
brunette gets up and pulls a lighter out
of his pocket
the group then decided to light one of
their sheets of paper on fire to trigger
the fire alarm which would activate the
sprinkler system
which they believe is attached to
something other than water that would
allow them to develop the photos on
their paper which would give them the
question
i personally would not even attempt the
solution because most photos take around
10 minutes to develop in a proper dark
room
so even if they got the right chemicals
the room isn't dark enough for them to
develop it
the group proceed with the plan anyways
and brunette lights one of the papers on
fire and holds it up to the fire alarm
which triggers and causes the sprinkler
system to turn on
they look at the papers as the sprinkler
rains down upon them
but there is no message however towards
the end of the shower there is one
message from the guard
brunette has been eliminated this is
because white handed her her own paper
meaning she lit her own paper on fire
and spoiled it although this is a clever
move by white
no one else wants to eliminate other
people meaning he's only putting a
target onto his own back and now he
can't play tricks like that when there's
less people left
i personally would have waited for
people to naturally get eliminated and
save these tricks for the last few
people
after these events black is obviously
very triggered since he wanted everyone
to work together
so he threatens to punch white's lights
out at the same time the lights go out
and this is when they realize the lights
are actually voice controlled
meanwhile def is still having a serious
mental breakdown in the corner of the
room
so white convinced him to tear and eat
his own paper
and as a result death is also eliminated
so black is seriously ticked off from
the situation so he punches wyatt
knocking him out and the group restrain
him on a chair because he's now seen as
a danger to the group
and this is exactly why you don't want
to use all your tricks in the beginning
because then other people are going to
get scared the tricks are going to be
used on them
the groups start interrogating white but
it's revealed that he also carries the
disease that started the pandemic and he
needs to take a pill every hour on the
hour
more conflict bruised throughout the
group because brown accuses dark of
being a plant and working for the
corporation
personally if i thought someone else was
a plant i would just keep it to myself
as a secret
exposing them is not going to do
anything for the group instead brown
does the most insane thing he could
possibly do
and he restrains dark and starts
torturing her by slicing her on the leg
and it turns out she also had a history
of self-harm so maybe she's used to this
type of stuff
it appears that he's about to go all the
way and kill her however he doesn't do
this
instead he just wanted to get her to the
point where she would be forced to tell
the truth
after the torturing session ends white
starts seizing up
meaning that he definitely needs his
medicine fast dark retrieves the
medicine
however brown doesn't want her to give
it to white since he still think white
is a threat
however the other two definitely want to
save his life so brown hits the medicine
out of dark's hand
making it land inside a vent where it
seems to be stuck as
white has more symptoms dark starts
getting sympathetic and
yells at the camera to save his life
because of that she's eliminated since
you can't speak with the invigilator or
the guard
honestly if i were in this situation i
would definitely be taking brown side
and letting white die
personally i don't see any benefit of
him being alive he's just gonna
eliminate you eventually
after dark is dragged out and
disqualified they eventually retrieve
the medicine using blonde's hair clip
and after being fed white is up and
ready to be a dick again
after delivering a short monologue he
makes a bolt towards the guard's gun
which he fails in and black beats him to
it okay let's
don't be racist don't say it don't say
it black has the gun and white dares
black to shoot him
black takes the shot however the bullet
doesn't connect or
the gun doesn't shoot because it
requires the fingerprint of the guard in
order to fire
so white is able to fight off black and
get control of the gun
he walks up to the guard and grabs the
guard's hand using his hand to operate
the pistol
and using the functional firearm he
forces everyone to leave the room
one at a time starting with brown who
leaves and gets disqualified
but then he goes on to the girl right
before she leaves shells
lights out turning the lights off and
allowing black to attack
a fight ensues which results in the
black getting shot as time expires
it's revealed that blonde never actually
walked out of the room instead she just
sort of hid around the corner
so with two people remaining still white
proudly runs up to the invigilator and
announces that he's the winner
i have no idea why you would do this
number one there's two people still
alive
inside the room who haven't broken any
of the rules meaning that there's
technically two winners
but here's where the big twist happens
it turns out that def turned the clock
back
30 seconds meaning there was still
technically 30 seconds left in the game
and since white was proudly proclaiming
to the invigilator that he won
he gets eliminated and at the end after
white realizes all the destruction he
caused he tries to kill himself but
because the guard's hand isn't there he
can't even activate the gun
and so he's disqualified so we're just
left with blonde who is the last person
in the room
and she picks up def's glasses which he
dropped earlier and uses a piece of
glass to magnify onto the paper and see
that the only question was
question one and it's referring to the
first question the invigilator asked
any questions and here's where the
second twist happens
the invigilator comes back with the ceo
of the company who turns out to be deaf
from earlier
and all blonde had to answer was no
further questions and she's hired as the
future ceo of the company
and it turns out the only reason that
they need a backup ceo for the company
is that the company developed a new drug
that can regenerate living tissue
and the future ceo is going to be
someone who has to think well
on who deserves to live and who deserves
to die hence this test
and the black guy that was shot on the
floor well he was shot with that drug
rather than an actual bullet so his
heart just regenerated and he ended up
living
and that's how the movie ends blonde
ends up getting ceo everyone else gets
eliminated if you were in the situation
if you applied the tips i gave to all
these characters you would definitely be
in the same position as blonde and even
if blonde was there you would beat her
out eventually
but yeah thank you all so much for
watching this video i hope you enjoyed
make sure to like
comment what movie you want next and hit
that subscribe button and with that
being said have a great rest of your day
[Music]